CS35 Lab 11

Name 1: Camden Wagner
Name 2: NONE

wagner: 
NONE: 

---------------------------------

1. In 3-4 sentences, describe your overall design/approach to solving
the main part of the lab.  That is, how did you decide to represent
the game board, user's routes, opponents routes, etc.?

  I created a gameboard graph, as well as player and opponent personal
  graphs that started empty. When the users purchased/claimed routes,
  they were added to their personal graph.

2. How did you solve the problem of finding the minimum cost path 
using the existing state of the game (i.e., board with claimed routes)?

  I used the shortestPathBFS function from the graph-algorithms class
  and saved it to a vector. I then went through each edge the ordered
  vertices supplied me and only added the cost if the player did not
  have that edge in their personal board already.

3. List all features that you added.  This is to help us identify the
components for the "creativity" score when we test your code.

  Used polymorphism on the claimRoute function, which allowed me to pass
  in one variable telling who was the player getting the route added to 
  their graph. I also made a helper function that allowed me to print a
  large amount of information that needed to be calculated in 20ish lines
  of code, to save a lot of space and demonstrate good coding practice.


----------------------------------
Lab Questionnaire 
(None of these questions will have an impact on your grade, this is to 
help provide use the feedback we need to make the course the best it can be)

Approximately, how many hours did you take to complete this lab 
(provide your answer as a single integer on the line below).
  
  18

How difficult did you find this lab?
(1-5, with 5 being very difficult and 1 being very easy)
  
  4

Describe the biggest challenge you faced on this lab.

  Time restraint was a really big one, for me. But due to the fact that
  that is personally related, that doesn't apply to course improvement.
  The hardest part of the lab I believe was getting the algorithms to
  work properly. That part threw me off at first, and had me stuck for
  a while. I was quite nervous I would not have time to finish the lab 
  at all.

